# Algorithms in nx-neptune

`nx-neptune` defined algorithms map NetworkX calls to Amazon Neptune Analytics functions.  For a complete listing of functions provided by Amazon Neptune Analytics, please visit [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune-analytics/latest/userguide/algorithms.html).

## bfs_edges {#networkx.algorithms.traversal.breadth_first_search.bfs_edges}

Iterate over edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source. Runs the breadth-first search (BFS) algorithm for finding nodes.  
link: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune-analytics/latest/userguide/bfs-standard.html

Parameters:
- `neptune_graph : NeptuneGraph`
- `source : node`  
Specify starting node for breadth-first search; this function iterates over only those edges in the component reachable from this node.
- `reverse : bool, optional`  
If True traverse a directed graph in the reverse direction
- `depth_limit : int, optional(default=len(G))`  
Specify the maximum search depth
- `sort_neighbors : function (default=None)`  
A function that takes an iterator over nodes as the input, and returns an iterable of the same nodes with a custom ordering. For example, `sorted` will sort the nodes in increasing order. 
(not supported in Neptune Analytics)
- `vertex_label : str, optional`  
A vertex label for vertex filtering.
- `edge_labels : list, optional`  
To filter on one more edge label, provide a list of the ones to filter on.   
If no `edge_labels` field is provided then all edge labels are processed during traversal.  
- `concurrency : int, optional`  
Controls the number of concurrent threads used to run the algorithm.   
If set to `0`, uses all available threads to complete execution of the individual algorithm invocation.   
If set to `1`, uses a single thread.

Yields:
- `edge`  
Edges in the breadth-first search starting from `source`.

Definition:

```python
@configure_if_nx_active()
def bfs_edges(
   neptune_graph: NeptuneGraph,
   source: Any,
   reverse: Any = False,
   depth_limit: Any = None,
   sort_neighbors: Any = None,
   vertex_label: str | None = None,
   edge_labels: list | None = None,
   concurrency: int | None = None,
):
```

## descendants_at_distance {#networkx.algorithms.traversal.breadth_first_search.descendants_at_distance}

```python
@configure_if_nx_active()
def descendants_at_distance(
    neptune_graph: NeptuneGraph,
    source,
    distance: int,
    edge_labels: Optional[List] = None,
    vertex_label: Optional[str] = None,
    traversal_direction: Optional[str] = None,
    concurrency: Optional[int] = None,
):
```

## bfs_layers {#networkx.algorithms.traversal.breadth_first_search.bfs_layers}

The BFS-Levels algorithm is executed on the Neptune Analytics graph,
to achieve feature parity with the results generated by NetworkX.

    link: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune-analytics/latest/userguide/bfs-levels.html

    :param neptune_graph: A NeptuneGraph instance
    :param sources: Specify starting node for breadth-first levels search
    :param neptune_graph: A NeptuneGraph instance
    :param edge_labels: To filter on one more edge labels, provide a list of the ones to filter on.
    If no edgeLabels field is provided then all edge labels are processed during traversal.
    :param vertex_label: A vertex label for vertex filtering.
    :param traversal_direction: The direction of edge to follow. Must be one of: "outbound" or "inbound".
    :param concurrency: Controls the number of concurrent threads used to run the algorithm.

    :return: Yields list of nodes at the same distance from `sources`.

```python
@configure_if_nx_active()
def bfs_layers(
    neptune_graph: NeptuneGraph,
    sources,
    edge_labels: Optional[List] = None,
    vertex_label: Optional[str] = None,
    traversal_direction: Optional[str] = None,
    concurrency: Optional[int] = None,
):
```

## pagerank {#networkx.algorithms.link_analysis.pagerank_alg.pagerank}

## degree_centrality {#networkx.algorithms.bipartite.centrality.degree_centrality}

## in_degree_centrality {#networkx.algorithms.centrality.in_degree_centrality}

## out_degree_centrality {#networkx.algorithms.centrality.out_degree_centrality}

## descendants_at_distance {#networkx.algorithms.traversal.breadth_first_search.descendants_at_distance}

## label_propagation_communities {#networkx.algorithms.community.label_propagation.label_propagation_communities}

## fast_label_propagation_communities {#networkx.algorithms.community.label_propagation.fast_label_propagation_communities}

## asyn_lpa_communities {#networkx.algorithms.community.label_propagation.asyn_lpa_communities}

## closeness_centrality {#networkx.algorithms.bipartite.centrality.closeness_centrality}

## louvain_communities {#networkx.algorithms.community.louvain.louvain_communities}
